well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again you wouldn't like me when I'm
angry now if I'm Bruce Banner you know
what's about to happen I'm gonna turn
green my clothes are gonna rep I'm gonna
get all buff and turn into the
Incredible Hulk
it's a catchphrase it's a warning China
has one of those too
theirs is don't say we didn't warn you
they've issued this catchphrase twice
throughout history both times it turned
into a shooting war they issue it
through the people's daily which is a
state-run newspaper over there they just
issued it to the United States I don't
think it's going to turn into a shooting
war it seems pretty clear from the
context this is about the trade war and
they're done with Trump's trade war
they're done with it they're going to
cut off or drastically reduce exports of
rare earth minerals that's that
certainly seems like their next move
kind of what they said they're done with
the tariffs because unlike Trump they
understand them they're not going to
hurt their own people look on one hand
you have Committees of people who are
economists and successful businessmen
International Relations experts people
who blended a communist and a capitalist
system to create an economic superpower
on the other hand you have a dude who
found a way to bankrupt a casino who do
you thinks gonna come out on top here
okay rare earth minerals what are they
China controls about eighty-five percent
of the market okay
they are one of seventeen elements
they're soft malleable metals okay and
they're used in a lot of high-tech goods
the device you're watching this on
they're probably used in that they're
used in guidance systems all of a sudden
the Pentagon's like we need to find a
replacement
and that's what that's what's going on
this is going to have long reaching
impact and the real problem here is that
Trump is trying to keep his campaign
promises that's that's that's the
problem and I know people like why is
that a problem because he made those
promises to appeal to people who didn't
understand the issues so the solutions
that made them feel good probably aren't
very effective okay why are we fighting
this trade war because we have a trade
deficit okay so why are we fighting the
trade war people associate trade deficit
with the deficit
therefore they inherently think it's bad
trade deficits are not inherently bad
all it means is that you're buying more
from somebody than you're selling to
them I explained this to my 13 year old
today and he's like so we have a trade
deficit with the grocery store yes but
but we need that stuff yes and if we
don't buy that stuff then you know
everything else doesn't work yes
trade deficit is not inherently bad but
how are we gonna fight this trade war
with tariffs yeah tax their goods makes
sense until you realize that cost is
passed on to the American consumer just
right raises the price of everything and
the response is well it'll bring
American manufacturing jobs back no it
won't they'll move from China to Vietnam
that's what they're not gonna come back
here
foreigners did not steal your jobs a CEO
made a decision a business decision an
economic one it's cheaper for them to
operate in the global south where they
can pollute and destroy the environment
at will than it is to operate within the
United States and be environmentally
responsible that's why because nobody
cares what happens to the people in the
global south so we don't boycott them if
they're not environmentally responsible
there that's why they're not coming back
here but let's say they do and they
could in this case rare earth minerals
they may have to okay I think we have
some in Nevada in California you go take
that job you handle that thorium I
forgot to mention that this stuff's
radioactive has to be washed with
hydrochloric acid make sure you have a
sip of water from that area too
while you're looking into this subject
go ahead and research the environmental
impacts of mining rare earth minerals go
ahead and take a look see what it did in
the areas in China where they
manufacture it where they mine it it's
not a good thing it's not something you
want going on here anyway the fact is at
the end of the day the decisions that
Trump is making are going to have long
long lasting and far-reaching impacts in
the economy and they're not good ones
they are not good ones we're all going
to end up paying for this I feel sorry
for the next president I really do
because they're gonna have to fix all
this and they're gonna end up catching
the blame because that's when a lot of
it's gonna actually start to happen when
it does well don't say we didn't warn
you
anyway it's just a fault
y'all have a good night